config: add missing ssl.ssl_cert for etcd (#10152)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/ghe-827-etcd-ssl-cert.md

## bugfix/config

> * Support `ssl.ssl_cert` for `etcd` configuration storage (ghe-827).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `ssl.ssl_cert` configuration option for `etcd` configuration storage (ghe-827).
```

Author: Updated
